hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewsday.com I'm your host Dylan
Grabowski in this episode of the smart
economy podcast I had a chance to sit
down and speak with Chase devons a
research analyst at massari Masari is a
provider of cryptocurrency Market
intelligence products that helps
individuals professionals and Enterprise
grade entities navigate web3 with
confidence the team seeks to inform
investors regulators and the public by
building data tools to help Drive
informed decision making in this
conversation Chase and I talk about his
unique entry into the blockchain space
that aligns with the quarantines of
spring 2020 his philosophy on garnering
the next wave of web 3 businesses how
the ethos of decentralization shapes
Missouri principles the process of
creating content and information for
massari clients the multi-chain thesis
the role that regulations will have in
the web 3 space and potential
development Trends to keep an eye on
just a reminder nothing said on this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens that nothing should be taken
as Financial advice and that the Hoster
guests May hold tokens discussed On Any
Given episode with that said I really
enjoyed chatting with Chase and I hope
you enjoy the conversation too
hey guys what's going on Dylan with the
smart economy podcast today we're joined
by Chase devons a research analyst at
massari how are you doing today Chase
doing great how are you doing Dylan All
Things Considered with this crazy week
doing pretty well I think maybe we
should just kind of address the elephant
in the room and maybe for future
listeners of the podcast just kind of
mention what happened this week so uh
maybe from your perspective at massari
before we even get into the who you are
and what massari is for future listeners
can you just give like a broad overview
of the craziness that we experienced
this week for sure yeah so we're
recording this on a Friday I think it
was
some point last week that you know we
saw the initial coindesk piece come out
about elevator research's balance sheet
and how there was some concern about you
know a lot of assets that they had on
their book being ftt like the native FTX
exchange token and some other the liquid
positions that they had borrowed against
and then it's just spreading pretty much
uh a Non-Stop timeline since Monday I
think was when tennessee-z binance
started offloading some of the ftt from
binance's books and you know that
created a run on on FTX uh worries about
liquidity and insolvency just everything
over the past the next like 48 hours
after that ultimately led to FTX filing
for bankruptcy a lot of stuff coming out
on the relationship between Almeida and
FTX uh obviously Sam bakeman freed is
the Pinnacle of all this use the poster
boy for our industry for the last couple
of years and now he's flown too close to
the Sun and Fallen just like a lot of
other crypto leaders in the past and I
mean the craziest thing for me is we're
like five days into this and no one
still has any concrete idea of what
actually happened it's all just
speculative rumors and stuff so I guess
anything that I say on on the topic is
just off the basis of the information I
have at hand it's definitely not meant
to be like any sort of source of Truth
by any means yeah and all this
information is updating so new light
could be shed a week from now and also
if you're listening listening to this a
year from now there could be just a lot
more understanding of ties that a lot of
2022s collapses of centralized entities
and even D5 protocols like Terra Luna
have had so we really don't know what
like the total interconnection looks
like right now but these do kind of seem
like a lot of cascading events with the
collapse of Terra and then three arrows
capital and then Celsius and block 5
being bought out and then now FTX so
there there just seems to be a strange
kind of connection between all these
collapses this year yeah and I think
we've seen it's kind of like different
cohorts of people get burned on each of
the different collapses I'd say that
this one in particular was the one that
I saw the most damaged in terms of like
personal friends that got burned by by
FTX and stuff I guess in this one case
I'm thankful to be a U.S citizen under
Mr Gary gensler's Authority and you know
didn't really have access to the wide
world of Ft experts and stuff but yeah I
know a lot of people personally are down
bad and I feel terrible for everyone
because I think we've all gone through
the similar not a similar situation but
I haven't had lost some funds and really
learning what it's like to be in that
position 2022 has been kind of wild I
got into uh as a Speculator I got into
cryptocurrency in 2017 so I got to ride
that fun bear of 2018 and 2019
um and it always seems like the lessons
of Leverage are unlearned every cycle
which is I don't know if it's endemic to
personal psychology like how humans act
if greed comes into this I don't know do
you guys have any insights from just the
vast research you do do people just kind
of like forget about Lessons Learned in
in past Cycles so I mean the preface
this I actually came into crypto in
early 2020 so I'm I'm definitely like a
rookie uh it's my first like Bull and
Bear to to personally live through but
I've definitely studied up on on the
histories of the space but I'd say that
yeah obviously like greed is endemic to
human nature we're never gonna Escape
that especially in a world of
permissionless tools where you can even
if you're blocked from FTX like you can
just go into Arbitron and get access to
like GMX or something then I mean if you
go over to Gaines Network for example
like their default leverage slider I
think is like 3x and it goes all the way
up to like 150x it's it's kind of insane
I think that this this go around we've
just seen a lot more access to the
tooling like I just said with like these
decentralized options come into place
and then also the forms of Leverage have
just become more creative I guess the
whole
situation we're dealing with with
Alameda and FTX like no one necessarily
knew what was going on there and like
everyone wanted a piece of the Luna
puzzle is what I'm guessing this kind of
stemmed from and then you know that
everyone got creative with the types of
liquid tokens that they could borrow
against to cover a polls or get more
exposure and stuff and let's say in
previous Cycles those options weren't
all there like you're pretty much only
borrowing from like a very small pool of
counter parties and stuff like the
spaces developed quite a bit and it's
also part of that development has led to
more opportunities for things to go
wrong and ultimately yeah we we
definitely need regulation for a lot of
the stuff yeah we can we can dive into
that a little bit later if you want as
well yeah I do but now that we kind of
have that preface for the current
situation we're in I want to learn a
little bit more about you you just
mentioned that you got into the crypto
blockchain space in 2020
so what's kind of like the preface for
that what were you doing before what
piqued your interest in in blockchain
web3 crypto and um how did you decide
that this was the field that you wanted
to start working in I was graduating
from undergrad in Spring of 2020 and
covid started hitting and the entire job
market just rugged um I thought I was
going to go into like advertising I used
to run my own videography business in
the past and was looking at doing
something with that in a more like
formal capacity but so yeah like covid
really just put me in the spot that I
had like three months to just pretty
much sit inside and you know like I'm
pretty interested in in Tech and stuff
and I just started reading and I mean I
gotta give a shout out to uh Balaji
srinivasan I was I had been following
him and like his covet takes the months
leading up to covet and I was like oh
man this guy knows something that
obviously I don't he's pretty smart and
so after got stuck in quarantine started
reading a lot more about like what
biology had written about in the past
crypto it was at the top there and I
started to understand crypto from like
first principles and like why it was
actually valuable and that is when I had
like the light bulb moment of okay this
is it has a good shot at being like the
second coming of the Internet it's not
going to be quick or anything but you
know it's it's an opportunity to get in
on the ground floor of a multi-decade
movement so in times like right now
where the Outlook definitely looks
incredibly Bleak it's remembering like
the fundamental reasons of why the space
exists and trying to go back to the
principles of like the Bitcoin white
paper and um like vital creating
ethereum and stuff and really focus on
that again
um how did I end up at massari I
initially worked in just a standard tax
advisory company doing Market
intelligence work spent a lot of time
just red pilling the financial team
there about crypto smart contracts and
stuff stuff and eventually got involved
with the Missouri Hub program which was
an old program that massari had for kind
of crowdsourcing research and Analysis
from Community contributors get paid on
like a bounty one-off basis for
completing reports and you know I was
able to get my foot in the door there
got to work alongside some some really
awesome smart messari ogs like Ryan
Watkins made it's a nice room uh Wilson
with them and then when Missouri
announced their series day started
hiring and was lucky enough to get a
full-time position so I've been here for
the last
year and four or five months now and
it's definitely been a wild ride to see
the company almost like three accident
head count yeah that's super cool and I
want to dig into massari a little bit
more here in a minute but I think it's
kind of interesting because when I meet
a lot of 2020 2021 Market entrance it's
like nfts that got them into the space
or maybe like a meme coin like Doge so
it's really interesting to hear you kind
of come to it from a first principles
stance are you noticing that a lot of
your peers who are Market entrants
around the same time did they follow a
similar path to you or did you notice
that maybe more of them were kind of
getting in to the nfts side of things
yeah I think for the majority of people
I know that kind of came in during this
cycle like you said a lot of them are
driven either by defy summer or in that
kind of given the capital to go explore
this area or The nftc Craze but yeah for
me I had been exposed to crypto before
and saw a friend get absolutely blown
apart from the 2018 meltdown and you
know I just had a completely different
view of the space and so it kind of
dismissed it as being a giant Casino
which I mean it still is a giant casino
but it can actually like see and speak
to the the real benefits of it of the
technology and so once I had that moment
of understanding things became a lot
more clear majority of the people that I
work with come came in from first got
their exposure in like 2017-2018 and
ultimately ended up making the move
coming into this this previous cycle in
a crypto full-time so everyone probably
has a little bit more experience than me
a couple more years under their belt but
at the end of the day it helps to have a
variety of perspectives when we're
looking at this different stuff as well
yeah absolutely I just went on a two and
a half week University tour where I
spoke at eight different universities to
blockchain clubs about building careers
in web3 so I got to kind of experience
like the on-campus kind of vibe for what
students are really into right now and
it's a wide variety of things ranging
from nfts to D5 to First principles so
it's kind of like a plethora of Interest
points what was the blockchain clubs
seen like at your University you went to
Wisconsin correct yes University of
Wisconsin I'm a badger at heart was
there a club on campus were you a part
of it if you weren't did you hear about
it were you just not interested what was
it kind of like when when you were a
student like I said when when I was a
student the only real understanding I
had with crypto blockchain was just the
one friend that had kind of a meltdown
and the presence of any blockchain club
and stuff was pretty non-existent on our
campus I guess there was one created in
2017 and then ended up dying out in like
2019 so that would explain why I didn't
really seriously see it at all I mean I
was I was in the business school so I
wasn't really exposed to like the compsi
areas of the world as much either which
is probably where more like 2019 people
would have heard about it but I do know
that after I left Wisconsin this friend
of mine actually was able to restart the
badger your blockchain Club is what it's
called and I've spoken to a number of
people that had their exposure through
that and now we actually hired one of
our Engineers on our subgraph team
straight from Wisconsin so it's pretty
cool to hear like his development and
two or three years younger than me and
see how the club came back to life now
see kind of a relationship starting
between massari and the badger
blockchain Club I think we have some
speakers lined up there so yeah it's
pretty cool to see it revive and curious
if there's if you saw the similar path
with these other schools that you talked
to in recent weeks yeah so almost every
club that we visited was fully ongoing
like the head members they were hosting
events so I was there on behalf of the
Neo blockchain and so they were bringing
in a lot of speakers from our little
ecosystem a thing I noticed that was
really interesting is that the clubs
weren't necessarily just in CS schools
but they were also in the College of
Business College of Finance College of
Entrepreneurship so in fact the majority
of them were and when I was going to
these events maybe five to ten percent
of the students were actually studying
CS so it's kind of a wide interest
that's being taken now with students
from a variety of different colleges and
and these universities which kind of
gets me psyched about the future because
we're not just like you know expecting
developers it's almost like we've
crossed this path of sarcasm of
legitimacy and once you kind of have the
business creators getting onto these
rails and stuff that opens up a whole
other leg of Development I've always
said that I think you know we need some
sort of regulatory Clarity to really
usher in that next wave just so people
know what the boundaries are and
constraints for them to build within and
then I mean everything changed like this
week in terms of timelines I think I
think we definitely set ourselves back
the few years at least and you know it's
going to be really really tough to
regain that legitimacy but I'm hopeful
that enough people will have at least
been exposed to like had the journey I
had and understand like the first
principles of this and you know what the
actual benefits are we can continue to
see at least some sort of iterative
development during the upcoming crypto
winter yeah I mean I I've been kind of
slimming my fists on the table all year
saying we're already in a recession so I
personally just take the perspective
that a we're in a global recession and B
we're in we're for sure in a crypto bear
Market but what was really positive was
that these students were unfazed so it
was the builders that were attending
these events and you know bear markets
are for building yeah so it was really
refreshing to kind of see this uh level
of activity and engagement from students
across the whole us and we're talking
like University of Michigan UC Berkeley
Stanford USC like big name schools that
have really active and engaged student
populations so that's that's cool to
hear that a pipeline is kind of
developing between massari and Wisconsin
it's got to feel good I'm trying trying
to do Outreach with colleges and
universities here in Colorado as well so
thanks for sharing that kind of like
background I just want to kind of like
paint the picture for what massari is
for folks who are listening right now
and might not have ever heard of it much
to might bewilderment so could you tell
us a little bit about what massari is
and kind of what's the Mission Vision
and purpose of your team yeah so I think
before I explain any of that it's
important to call out you know who's the
leader of massari our CEOs Ryan sulcus
he's been around crypto for a long time
been through many of these different
Cycles but he's a Relentless leader uh
pushes a lot on the regulatory side it's
very involved in in advocating for
crypto and Washington stuff and he's one
of those people that he's here for the
mission I know a lot of crypto is just
built for seeing number go up and being
in business but I think what really
convinced me to join masara was the fact
that Ryan is so Mission driven and you
know he really reflects the ethos of the
space so diving a bit more into like
what is Missouri's Mission you know we
are an organization business that wants
to promote transparency and Empower
smarter crypto decisions you know we
believe in crypto being an answer to a
censorship resistant and user-owned
future you know this can range from
anything from Financial Services Tech
infrastructure to intellectual property
in the Creator economy we think those
are all Mission critical for Society at
a time when Legacy institution trust is
just failing you know we see crypto as
an optimistic and contrarian bet on a
more open and inclusive future designed
around the internet and we think it
returns power to the individuals and
opens new markets that previously would
have never been been possible in both
the analog world and kind of like the
web to gated internet world that we've
created before I was in the crypto space
I used to work for various different
levels of governments so at each
government I worked at we had all these
branches and departments and divisions
so what are the sort of like branches
and Departments of massari yeah so
organizationally we're divided into a
two-sided business so the first side we
have is kind of focus it on crypto
protocols themselves so call this
protocol services and our goal here is
to create Community financial reporting
services so kind of like outsourced
investor relations for these protocols
if we're viewing them as businesses for
the future so we really want to
standardize and contextualize all of
like the protocol specific crypto data
just because you know it's for Outsiders
it's so difficult to look at like
uniswap versus curve and stuff and try
and make any sense of the differences
and numbers you're seeing there so we
aim to set standards for that while
sharing a way for crypto to be credible
trustworthy and ultimately a
well-regulated asset class in the future
so our protocol Services Research team
puts out these these quarterly reports
on some of the largest protocols in the
space we're developing a protocol
metrics service that kind of serves as a
gap in IFRS financials we have our
governor and Intel teams that are
comparative to like corporate actions
and events are really like the building
blocks of building a crypto Edgar
database and all of the reports on this
side are are distributed widely and
freely like we have a partnership with
Bloomberg that we distribute a lot of
the reports through on this side and
then the data sources and subgraphs that
we actually build on top of for these
are actually open sourced and can really
power any third-party applications that
that might want to build on them as well
the other side of the business then is
our Market intelligence arm and so for
this we offer both we offer two
different subscription levels we have a
pro and Enterprise subscription and so
this is more so just to disc English
between like the average individual
crypto investor and then like the
large-scale businesses that need this
kind of service the subscriptions
themselves give users access to
different tools data and Analysis that
power their customer workflows and
ultimately their diligence processes we
have an asset intelligence service that
is widely used as a vetting process for
exchanges before like throughout their
listing workflows and intelligence
processes as I alluded to before Intel
service is part of product and support
workflows and just ongoing network
monitoring you know like if inferior is
going down will be the first to let you
know and get any bugs cleared up before
they cause too many issues and then
finally we have our screeners charting
tools news feed and research offerings
that provide critical analysis for both
the average investor and then also funds
institutions anyone that's looking to
learn more about the space cool and can
you give a high level overview of like
the types of clients that are
subscribing to massari like is there a
wide difference between the Enterprise
and pro level and maybe like what are
some examples of either institutions or
types of entities that are subscribing
to your services for sure I would say
the pro level subscription you know you
get access to some proprietary data like
our fundraising data we recently
acquired Dove metrics and included that
under the packaging Pro a handful of
research every week probably about like
half of what we put out goes out to our
Pro subscribers and then there are just
some like other data sets that are
available to them and so for the pro
subscribers generally just like your
your average Joe that wants to keep up
with you know what's going on in the
space doesn't necessarily have the time
to scrolling through crypto Twitter
living into discords and stuff overall
just wants to keep pulse on the space
start a subscription for that is thirty
dollars a month and we offer a free
trial for anyone that wants to give it a
go and then for our Enterprise package
that's a lot more of just a holistic
product Suite all of the products and
services and I guess the sorry flywheel
kind of build on each other and
Enterprise customers get access to all
that I think that the majority of our
Enterprise customers come in the form of
funds that need access to all the
different data sets that we have and
also want to have like a second set of
eyes on like the analysis and then also
another big player is like exchanges
like I said with their asset diligence
process to help them in their exchange
listings workflows and then also just
generally keep up with the events that
are happening in the space like I said
with our Intel team you know customers
like coinbase really need that and if
they're going to patch holes as soon as
they come up and stay on top of markets
do you find that uh maybe some of your
Enterprise
Alliance kind of shift or guide the
direction of the work that you and your
team do like are you taking feedback
from any of your clients when they say
we really want to learn more about this
Niche area of this subject matter or do
you guys kind of operate like
autonomously and in our forward-thinking
kind of maybe a step ahead of your
clients I think it's a mixture of both
so ultimately we we want to be
influencing or helping them understand
how they should be looking at the space
and being on that Cutting Edge for a lot
of things but also we obviously value
customer feedback and it's something
that the company as the whole has
focused a lot more on in I'd say like
the last year especially as we've we've
scaled up getting those feedback loops
working happening faster just being able
to iterate on what people actually want
to be learning about so we definitely
take a lot of that into consideration my
team specifically I sit on the
Enterprise research team so I'm
authoring Pro and Enterprise as reports
that sit behind these pay walls for
these customers and you know we have
like a weekly meeting where our team
will just kind of debate like topics
that we think our audience and
subscribers need to hear about and then
also take into account like feedback on
what we've heard like people
specifically request make sure that's
something that's in line with our
audience and that we want to ultimately
report on do you find that you have a
direct line of communication with
Enterprise clients after you release a
report or an article oftentimes if I
write something and I release it because
it's public and out there anyone can
find me on crypto Twitter and kind of
ask me about the coverage we just
provided so do you have that sort of
similar connection to masari's clients
or are you kind of like siled or kind of
I don't want to say protected but kind
of like a step removed from
communicating directly with somebody
yeah I think in the earlier days sorry
when we were a lot more of a lean team a
lot of those conversations relationships
would just be direct customer to
analysts but now as we've scaled head
count you know we have people serving
those specific roles so I mean for for
example like our our PR lead set up this
conversation between the two of us and
so it's it's a lot of those types of
things you know we'll have someone that
says oh like uh this customer read your
report about XYZ and uh they just want
to ask a few more questions uh get your
perspective on this and you know set up
some time to talk with them but I mean
that doesn't stop us from having
conversations and stuff directly like if
someone reaches out to me on telegram
like definitely like just alert the team
that I'm talking to this person but yeah
at the end of the day we want to take in
as much customer feedback as possible
and ultimately deliver as much value as
we can for these customers so the more
conversations the better yeah and thanks
to Mary for hooking this up I really
appreciate it at the risk of sounding
redundant or maybe even ask asking a
dumb question what sort of research do
you guys focus on there's so much going
on in the blockchain web3 space even in
like sub-tranches of defy there are like
amms and stable coins and cross-chain
bridges and all these different facets
so what does massari choose to research
yeah it's like you said there's so much
going on in the space I don't I do not
think that's a dumb question at all to
ask because it's something that we ask
ourselves every single week like okay
what should we what do we need to report
on right now like for the next couple of
months I'm guessing it's going to be a
lot more focus on kind of like safety
and exposure doing some due diligence on
what kind of exposure different funds
had to specific things in the wake of
FTX and all made a collapsing but our
team is divided up so that like each
analyst kind of has their own area of
expertise that they came to the team
with and crypto is unique and that all
of those can kind of overlap and it's
not like one person is tied to being
like the D5 reporter forever or anything
but we all definitely have our areas of
expertise for me I primarily be more
sort of like a generalist I came in
learning about D5 but you know I've
written about everything under the Sun
by now it's uh I've covered some nft
stuff a lot of different layer ones
staking projects and system designs I
really just like the whole world of like
mechanism design and then like we have
other people on our team that are a lot
more like data driven and really like to
just like dive into all the numbers and
explain what that story is telling
everyone has their own strengths and
weaknesses and we try our best to
balance all those out and figure out the
best way to both report on the valuable
Trends and narratives but also make sure
like the right people are covering it
and do you get to pitch your own ideas
or is it kind kind of like a a voluntold
situation where you guys speak every
week and then you really want to work on
something but it's obvious that
something else needs to be written and
covered before you get to work on what
you want what's kind of like the
delegation process like yeah I mean as
as all of my answers up to this point
about it it's a mix of both there are
times when there are very pressing
things that need to be covered like
right now and so we'll we'll dedicate
resources to covering the stuff about
FTX and Alameda and the Dynamics of
centralized service providers
interacting with like the decentralized
economies but otherwise we tend to kind
of come up with ideas in our own
different ways so I won't speak on
behalf of everyone else but for me like
I keep close tabs on crypto Twitter have
a pretty wide Network in the space and
like to just DM people Telegram and
bounce ideas off to them and say like
hey I'm thinking about writing a piece
about XYZ in the future like what are
your thoughts on this protocol do you
think it's worthy to cover and look into
more what do you think that the market
is missing right now and what's kind of
misunderstood and then kind of take all
of that market research come back to the
group really formulate like a thesis
around a specific idea say like I think
this should be reported on for these
reasons debate me let's go and then we
just spent a lot of time going back and
forth on okay like are we thinking about
this the right way what are the
different ways that we need to approach
this topic so that we're providing like
a well-rounded picture I think one thing
that definitely it distinguishes our
research is you know we try to remain as
objective as possible all of our
analysts Holdings are disclosed on
monthly basis those are publicly
available a lot of people accuse massari
of just like writing about our bags and
stuff and it's like well if you looked
at the documents there like that just
doesn't line up with what's being
produced and a lot of the stuff that I
like to write on is stuff that doesn't
even have a token for example like wrote
about I started learning about
multi-party computation this summer I
thought it was just a really interesting
technology and the more you look into
that the more you see that it's just
been quietly developed over the last few
years it's been starting to really
manifest itself both in like the private
key sharing process and then also for
Unique decentralized protocols like
CrossFit messaging and stuff so
roundabout answer to your questions kind
of an all-over process yeah I noticed uh
in a lot of your recent articles you are
talking about interchange communication
so what is kind of your thesis for the
future I have been saying for years that
the Futures multi-chain there isn't
going to be a winner take all and I also
don't necessarily think like the futures
for evm compatible chains only uh we see
Cosmos making a big splash obviously
Bitcoin is continuing to thrive
ethereum's doing its thing so what's
kind of your outlook on the multi-chain
future I was talking to some about this
recently it's like 2021 was the year
that we discovered we're living in a
multi-chain world 2022 was the year that
we learned all the dangers that come
with that I think it's over like two
billion dollars worth of bridge exploits
and stuff which is just absurd to think
about in quantity
so I think when I approached the cross
chain space uh it's really important to
understand the difference between like
what is ultimately the cross chain
problem and you know like from first
principles how do you approach that like
number one you need a messaging system
to connect these changes or these chains
and all the discussion on Bridges that's
a whole layer above that sits on top of
these messaging rails I think a lot of
people forget that and you know just how
we've designed these systems with so
much demand to quickly get over to a
different chain and farm something in
the last two years has really led to a
lot of weak designs and that's why we
have all the issues we do right now so
what really excites me about like the
cross chain space right now is that
Protocols are really thinking from like
a first principles basis they're trying
to figure out this way to for one chain
that has no idea what's going on in the
state of the world outside of its own
like internal system how can we get that
chain to understand that outside world
and so that's that's the same issue as
like off-chain data in oracles and
obviously like chain link has been
spearheading that for a while uh it's
definitely the market leader and all of
these cross-train Solutions are kind of
trying to figure out you know how do we
design for that same problem so there's
a lot of really interesting unique
approaches we have axillar they're
pretty much taking the idea that we just
create another chain instead of having
like the the multi-six securing it we
use multi-party computation and
threshold signatures for all the
validators to sign off on the state of
different chains so it's kind of just
like the next evolution of the multi-sig
bridges the communications channels
there is Nomad before they had their
Bridge hack their whole design is around
like optimistic assumptions you kind of
introduce this concept of latency to not
everything will process immediately you
have like a 30 minute waiting period
built into the protocol to allow time
for Watchers to submit like fraud proofs
for false like verification of different
chains and I think more recently what
I've been drawn to is coming back to
this idea of oracles and if we're
already using oracles to input off-chain
data into our D5 apps why not just use
those same oracles as our cross chain
trust assumptions because we're never
going to get to a point where you don't
have to actually use like some
third-party resource the only way to you
know have a cross-chain communication
Channel without Outsourcing some form of
trust is if you do the IBC connection
that you see in Cosmos where you're
pretty much running uh a validator for
the other chain or a light client and
then just kind of like stamping that
state into your own State history and
that's just really resource intensive
doesn't work on chains like ethereum
that don't have instant finality and
there are some solutions that are being
designed with like zks to get around
this with kind of like a proof of
consensus a shout out succinct there
succinct Labs is a project to look into
but ultimately like we already have
Oracle systems built out and embedded
into stuff so this is the approach that
layer 0 takes and you know you kind of
choose your trust assumptions on a per
transaction basis you can choose which
Oracle you're going to go through they
rely heavily on chain link right now and
that also brings chain link into the
space of possible competitors they've
been talking about doing this chain link
cross chain interoperability protocol
ccip for at least over a year now not
too many details on what it will
actually be and when it will actually
come out but it's the whole same idea
that you can just use oracles as a as a
way to bridge Communications off or
across change as well and you're talking
a lot about communicating State changes
between chains so this is a little bit
more of a simplistic kind of perspective
but something that I've really
appreciated in a project is actually
Thor chain allowing L1 to L1 Atomic
swaps and that is just like simply
moving assets between different chains
utilizing roon and the Thor chain
network but it seems to me that that's
an L1 to L1 communication that removes
oracles and bridging so is the topic of
being able to just share State changes
too complex for something as simple as
swapping tokens between chains via
something like Thor chain is that just
too simplistic to expect that L1 to L1
communication can be Beyond just like
swapping assets yeah I think from the
perspective I take is I look at it from
like the application perspective of all
these things flying to exist across
chains the Thor chain one is definitely
an example that could work in the future
like you said for an asset based system
the issue I I see with door chain is
it's really Capital inefficient you have
to say if you want the total amount of
value that's or liquidity in like the
the pools there to increase you have to
have like a factor of like 1.5 times the
amount of value that's in the pool
actually be bonded to the pools
themselves in the form of room so I
think that could definitely stick around
as a more Niche service offering for
chains that want to connect on in like a
cross chain basis at like the L1 level
but for the applications themselves that
want to scale to millions and millions
of users like I think they need just a
little more flexibility in how they're
designed and stuff and who they can
actually reach and not really have those
types of limits put on them like I said
with like the capital inefficiency yeah
really cool Insight there's a quote out
there that there are decades where
nothing happens and then there are weeks
where decades happen and that is
happening right now with the FTX
collapse but before FTX there was this
ongoing narrow narrative about what is
going to be happening in the regulatory
landscape and so what we're kind of and
I know that uh Ryan has been very
involved in DC when it comes to
legislation and Regulatory issues of
that matter
so internally what were you guys kind of
talking about like the recent dccpa and
how do these kind of Uncertain and maybe
even potentially harmful regulations
impacts the kind of vision that you and
your team have at massari yeah I think
internally we were all just you know
trying to keep up with everything that
was going on SPF was really like the
only one trying to like push something
forward in DC so I'm pretty sure most
people saw the Voorhees SPF debate that
went on and you know I kind of
summarized it as SPF wanted to figure
out a way for us to kind of like
strategically meet in the middle and
negotiate with Washington whereas
Voorhees wanted to stake his flag in the
ground and say like this is what we
believe in we're not compromising on
these principles then I think I think
there's value to both approach to is now
seeing what's happened in the last week
we don't know exactly what spf's
original or underlying intentions
actually were but I think for the most
part everyone that I I speak to at
massari is pretty much on board with you
know like yes we need regulations for
like these exchanges and stuff like the
centralized entities are the ones that
continually cause problems here let's
regulate that and I definitely subscribe
to the what Voorhees said about like
with D5 protocols the code is the
regulator there we don't need semen
oversight into uniswap really when that
should more so be concentrated around
like the centralized exchanges instead
so I know that celcus has been providing
very hard to distinguish D5 from the
rest of like centralized crypto making
sure that we don't create legislation
that's going to set us back by years in
terms of development and experiments
that can take place
because ultimately like it just takes
forever to unwind how does that just
like impact the vision that you guys
have and I kind of want to add on to
that as well because Sam was in DC and
he was supposed to be the guy fighting
for us and up until last week up until
the Voorhees debate you know I was kind
of like well this is good this is our
crypto billionaire he's like speaking on
behalf of us and the narrative was that
we have a good actor on our side going
into DC and talking but then the reality
shook out that sky is running an
insolvent exchange we don't know how his
books are managed there's all sorts of
weird information coming out about how
it was actually ran and who was and how
many people had their thumbs on on the
scale
so when we're supposed to have this
narrative and we kind of buy into it but
then it's shaken really quickly and kind
of jarring really I mean like I have
done a complete 180 on what I thought
SPF was doing and the role that he was
having in DC and now I think it might
have been malicious or bad or not in
good faith or not positive for retail
users how does this kind of like broader
180 like slip on a switch from a
narrative perspective impact your team
really yeah so I'll try to keep any like
personal takes about or speculation
about SPF and like his motives out of
this focusing on on our team
specifically
um like I said earlier in the podcasts
like this creates a demand for
transparency above all you know we need
standards for crypto you can't just look
at a blockchain and expect a human to
read it you need someone to
contextualize that put the information
together in a standardized way it might
be transparent on chain but it's not
transparent to like the human eye so
there's a huge gap in that and you know
that's really what we're focused on as a
team I think it's it's still too early
to tell in terms of the outlook on the
space it definitely feels Grim right now
I've personally been trying not to
overreact too much but there's been a
lot of thoughts personally that I've
gone through my head of like okay how
much did we actually just shoot
ourselves in the foot and you got to
think that at the bare minimum these
really big players like Paradigm for
example being rumored to have lost like
500 million dollars in FTX like it's
gonna take a long time to repair the
confidence that anyone had from the
traditional World investing in these
funds and stuff and we're probably going
to be paying that for for that for a
long time I'm optimistic that there's
enough builders in the space that can
actually just create things organically
but at the same time you know a lot of
those build Builders are driven by
incentives to come in and it definitely
feels like we're going to be shaking out
a lot of people uh just kind of like
tourists from the True Believers for the
next several months to years and then I
guess the last thing that I would say is
like a silver lining is you know we've
seen all this call for like proof of
reserves and stuff in the last couple of
days and you know that's something that
massari can definitely help with like
that's exactly the type of business line
we want to be in but I think more
importantly it's it's cool to see that
we can use our own technology of crypto
and open verification to actually serve
the world better in like the Legacy
World they can if we take the time to
actually build out all these reporting
processes and stuff and get people to
subscribe to actually put in the
processes in place you know we can
create a lot of legitimacy for ourselves
but again it takes a long time to do
that and got it built through the bear
now yeah and proof of Reserve is
something that has just kind of like
popped up onto my radar a lot this week
and then I learned that Nick Carter's
been banging the proof of Reserve drum
for a long time so can you just kind of
like Eli five what proof of reserves are
and how custodial centralized exchanges
are planning to use them to increase
transparency I can attempt to kind of
like you have I've only started hearing
people banging the drum more about this
in recent days it's actually on my list
this weekend to look into like on an
architectural level how does someone
like chain link do these proof of
Reserve processes and where the trust
points there at the end of the day if
you're taking in something like these
off-chain this off-chain data combining
it with on-chain data and stuff you're
ultimately going to have like some sort
of trust assumption but I think just
holistically you know the the idea is we
have these exchanges that are in charge
of testing however much money like why
don't we just provide a holistic
overview of all these funds and kind of
have them reported on like a rolling
basis and stuff we're quickly developing
the zero knowledge technology which I'm
really optimistic about in this space in
the future you know you wouldn't even
have to necessarily say exactly how much
balance you have in like a given area or
sector or whatever but you can prove
that like ultimately you meet whatever
requirements that like the regulations
want you to have and stuff on hand
that's kind of what multi-party
computation is about as well you know
you could extend this to all the
different actors coming together and
Reporting like a holistic number of like
uh liquid amount versus a liquid amount
at any given time cool and kind of
wrapping up I'm gonna ask you a question
that I'm just gonna preface this is
really hard to always answer but in 2019
it would have been really hard to say
that 2020 going to be the defy year and
in 2020 it would have been really hard
to say that 2021 is going to be the nft
year but taking just kind of the grounds
level experience you have researching
these various protocols Trends spaces
and just the group think that you get to
tap into at massari what do you think is
something in 2023 that is going to stand
out or kind of be an industry Trend in
the web3 blockchain crypto space
um it would have been funny if you would
have asked me this a week ago so I think
our timelines need to be readjusted a
little bit but let's just set all the
stuff that's happened aside from like a
tech perspective the amount of
development that's gone into ZK snarks
and stuff in the last I call it 12 to 18
months has been incredible and I think
we're going to start seeing a lot more
of those projects start coming online
420 23 and you know instead of just
being like this whole kind of like nerdy
Tech idea you know we're gonna see
actual live implementations of ZK stuff
for me I'm really excited about the the
s in snark of CK snarks which stands for
succinct just the whole idea of being
able to run some sort of computation and
then quickly verify it pass it on to
someone else's is really exciting and I
think that will really revolutionize how
we look at things from a design
perspective and then kind of like a
trend that I'm watching along with some
co-workers it's just the idea of like
decentralized social and like
particularly things like we really like
lens protocol I think there's really
interesting opportunities to tie that
back into like obvious lending markets
you basically like once you have a
decentralized social system built out
over there you could use that as a form
of like an undercollaterized lending
system based on like social reputations
and just different activities that
people accrue through like nfts on the
lens platform so it's a really far out
there idea right now just in the nascent
stages that the tech is at right now but
I think over the coming months to years
like that's going to be a really
interesting space to watch as well cool
well Chase thank you so much for coming
to chat about your perspective and
massari especially during such a crazy
week when I'm sure your time is is very
limited and quite valuable so I really
appreciate you coming to join the Pod if
people want to keep up with you and
what's going on at Masari what's the
best way they can follow you and follow
Masari I mean if you want to follow
along with massari the best way is to go
to www.sorry.io
sign up for one of our subscriptions get
access to Cutting Edge research and data
that we provide you can also keep up
with me personally just on Twitter my
handle is just Chase Devin's got a
little blue ape as my avatar and yeah
same with massari cool well thank you so
much for coming on to the smart economy
podcast and hopefully look forward to
chatting with you again in the future
awesome appreciate it Dylan cheers
well what did you think of that
conversation I thought it was a bit
cathartic to talk about the recent
collapse of the FTX custodial exchange
and the impacts it will have across the
blockchain space it was also really
enlightening to hear about how Masari
believes that blockchain offers a
censorship resistant and user-owned
future and that the ethos of
decentralization plays a large part in
the information that the team chooses to
disseminate and it was really cool to
hear about the college to company
pipeline that massari is building with
the University of Wisconsin especially
on the heels of the decoding web 3 tour
I just went on on that note I want to
thank you so much for taking the time to
listen to the smart economy podcast if
you liked what you heard and want to
support the show please keep Neo news
today in mind when voting for your Neo
Council representative as part of Neo's
governance process we appreciate you and
look forward to catching you next time
[Music]